PAYOFF CURVES:

The payoff curves I created do make sense. I will describe the effect
that variation of each variable has on the curve (increasing the
magnitude of each variable in the expected direction - negative for
Misses and FA, positive for Hits and CR).

VHit: Will shift the peak to the left ("incentivized" to have a lower
threshold for saying "right" in signal trials to maximize hits)
VCR: Will shift the peak to the right ("incentivized" to respond left
in noise trials trials, increased threshold of saying right to minimize
false alarms)
VM: Will shift the peak leftward (to minimize misses, moving criterion
to the left will reduce probability of a miss in signal trials)
VFA: Shifts the peak rightward (to minimize false alarms in noise
trials)
p(Right): increasing pRight shifts the curve leftwards, I think to
maximize hits and minimize false alarms in the signal
trials. I suspect that increasing the probability of a rightward event
will increase the probability of a False Alarm given a static
criterion. Shifting it leftward will decrease that probability?



D-PRIME

The d' values calculated via Hits and False Alarms (using the zscores
of these values) correspond perfectly with the d' values calculated
for the raw dotCorr/dotSD values. These are expected to correspond as
they are two ways of obtaining the same measurement and d' is not
dependent on the criterion, so d' values for a range of HR and FAs
will be identical as it is the normalized difference between ther two.



P(CORRECT) PLOTS

I can intuit that these curves are different because, from my
experience, 2AFC tasks give a good baseline for comparison, so the
internal question is not "is this left or right?", but "Is this more
right than that?" I don't have a great idea why this occurrs
mathematically, but to me it seems as if the opposing stumulus in the
2AFC task represents a tangible criterion, whereas in each trial in
the Y/N task there is a noisy internal criterion that may or may not
be stable from trial to trial, causing Y/N performance to decrease.
(I am not totally sure that I did Step 4 correctly, but the area under
the ROC curves fit nicely to the AFC data, so I dunno).
